hi everyone today is March 12 and this
is the JCPS weekly chord F Cal where we
do our weekly stand-ups as usual we'll
go through the notes that people left
already on the crib path and then see
what people have to share with us what
they are bought and what they're
planning to do this week we can go buy
the order that will posted on the good
path so I guess that's first versus
Booker
by the way I almost forgot do we have a
back cut not thicker typically these
skulls are very light on taking notes
because people write in events to the
crib pad Volker you're a bacchanal
digger thank you so much cool when I
share the place with us yeah all right
all right so last week I yeah so I am I
spent the whole week and getting the CI
for Jes ipfs API green and like so most
of the issues are business-related or
that are test cases that shouldn't run
but I'll run on a platform and a don't
supposed to run and if I created a new
shim for the process platform thing so
now I can even use in the browser
process platform which means you can
determine if it's window also the Linux
or OSX or whatever it is and so then you
came then say okay I don't want to run
this test on this platform so I would
say it's not a general-purpose shim but
it should be meant for continuous
integration kind of things um so I've
created that one and possibly no no also
they posted it in the ipfs repo yeah
that's all I did and I'm currently
finishing up things on getting things
green and currently the problem is that
some tests fail on the CI but not
locally so I have no clue what the
problem is but I will work with Victor
on it this is what the difference is
between the CI environment them is this
just a can't say I or all this guys I've
only looked into Jenkins so far got it
it's basically time out issues but I'm
not sure if it's really like it's really
timing out or if it's something else but
it's only like two or three test cases
all the time so it's the EH team stuff
somehow but yeah we'll look into it
and yeah we'll see what it is probably
just increase the timeout into like an
insane huge number and see if it passes
just to get an idea of it yeah what see
me yeah yeah it's hard to tell but yeah
but but the good news is I already had
today I had really one test run on all
platforms which passed all platforms
except for Windows but there's no but
progressed so we are really close to
really having CI green and if it's not
we knew basically kanri trigger it and
then see okay it's that's different test
failing anything is also it's like it's
closed right M that's awesome
yeah that's all so that is super sweet
like thank you so much for like jumping
in and I just solving all those issues
on J because API it was getting really
hard to continue giving feedback on just
a b-plus API to requests because like
the chair was always red and I know I
was Saddam of the cows and ride myself
right now I know I there was many many
fixes that you pushed things on tests
things on like implementation itself
things on just like fasting things for
the CI I mean like I'm not sure how many
issues swashb or requests are left
margin' release I used to be very
helpful for me to get like an issue with
the list all the things that need to be
reviewed margin release to make it all
green so that I can help you just like
oh and all of that if you could create
an issue that's like just as an index
that would be awesome
perhaps you even have it early I just
cool I see that you're not born anything
all right let's go the next one which is
me so so last week
well I was Monday off as you saw because
I was on the call and then I spend a lot
of time on administrative tasks so
non-kill related tasks project related
organization related which I really
excited about and it will pay off in a
couple of weeks you'll see so far it's a
state secret
like you'll you see they die soon but
yeah like given that one of my time
was leaked into that but I still managed
to review a lot of peers and merge
things and really things you might have
seen me around get up just trying to I
cancel for everyone and I also fixed a
regression that was released it was
really is on the last minor release of
just a few pests that was kind of scary
because we broke like examples for
people like you we broke code for people
as we didn't have a one test thank you
so much to me tree for shipping the test
I just like pushed like rather taps I
don't just be passive guy and just
defense and indeed yeah it's the check
lace like every time one changes the
other strange cool so next I'll continue
developing repeatable next as a no I
just like pushing forward endeavour but
I really want to give some love to two
issues one I'll just bring it right now
one is the uglify question like a lot of
people come to our reach and say oh this
isn't good fine it's like yes it doesn't
work with a glyph I to because I can
fight 108 support cs5 we need to use
Agra 5-3 but then there is another issue
which is we use a very poor version of
that typing like we check for
construction name and when I grief I
does its thing like it changes the class
name and so then the cursor name doesn't
match the class name yeah like I I'm not
sure if I'm going to be the one like
pushing all that forward but I would
like to exponentially Stu minutes of
this colony and just like seeing like
who is available to work on that feed me
so that we can I just fix it for
everyone and not have that problem again
but it's like at least five issues from
the community asking off to make it work
and it's not that hard it's just
annoying so and the other thing is
there's a couple of peers or at the FST
steel about why graceful stop
I like reducing the time that it takes
to spawn and ipfs demon-like from 10
seconds to like 300 milliseconds we
really need to get a one in like it's
going to make that so much dresser so I
want to look into that as well all right
always help the people which is Dimitri
and Richard Schiff that cool that's for
me any questions or a person no all
right all right thank you so much this
was my ability next step we have machi
how's it going great I was creating a
new killer dissect of a wire shark while
sharpest is take it and and that is a
software everybody is using it's not
quite finished currently only much
Australis edit Derek I'm working on
editing secure altered it and all the
other max would you takes us and I was
also trying to fix WebSocket star but in
the end I realized the only thing is
taking all these memories so it's not
the memory that's problem it's the whole
application that's the problem and so
did we have any improvement at all
tiny improvement it wasn't removing the
public key after the crypto challenge
but it was actually a feature because it
prevents you not having to do another
challenge if the server didn't restart
but the connection just but that was
only tiny improvement and your
application is the problem so yes the
whole application is the problem it
doesn't really match my understanding
don't like what you're saying is if the
application is typing so much data
that's the thing because it's relaying
as to keep out of it better but the
reality is like a lot of those cases I
just like saving a couple hundred bytes
so they like the server should not it's
actually socket IO that's the problem
that's why I'm saying the whole
implication because they're so good I
always basic
everything with a few modules you're in
there got it
so you mean like Socata you is actually
pretty expensive on memory and so I
didn't I don't know what why I used it
but I heard now it can't be changed
because all the notes are using it and
client-side changes as I've heard are
not well basically what you'll be doing
is a breaking change so in order to like
really move forward we would have to
support both for awhile so that there is
like at least a couple of GFI PFS
releases where we still have the old
talk at i/o enabled endpoints and a new
one so that like users can still use the
old one if they are running at old code
that's it like there's just like a need
for a migration path and another thing
I've seen I already have written this
other version of web so it started uses
a circuit and I use the socket IO now
there was this proposal to use a
completely different when the rendevouz
protocol and now and the confuse yeah
okay so it's not like take everyone's
timing this call we can sync on that
later the TLDR is like WebSockets tar
and Weber TC star were just shim to get
something going
they were never a long-term solution
like we all agreed to that creating
extra protocols I also talked with visa
today creating extra protocols you just
adding more shims
what we need is peer-to-peer circuits
and then I get a peer routing that's it
like like dealing NEP routing and peer
to peer circuit like it's everything
that we're back to z-star WebSockets are
any ratable service is doing and it's
part it complies we really peer to peer
mojo ecosystem like if all the same
interfaces the peer discovery and the
peer rotting in defense but again well
what's like dive more into that like you
have any short notes there Dmitri or
let's right
spend the rest of the call yeah yeah I
was gonna ask about the discovery stuff
but that's why we can take it offline
yeah or or like let's just go through
they're all updates you like the
questions and then I could start time or
you can stay like fit in more minutes
and talk about that okay that's fine
thank you
and so the next things on my list I'm
currently blocked by school because
there are some exams and Custis I would
have to write and I'm also blocked and a
few issues from finishing up low trust
and these are mainly ones listed because
it can be used to crash you know oh and
[Music]
the next thing I would do is hopefully
with off to WebSockets start stuff I
would finish the dissected for Wireshark
and maybe continue on lipid no trust and
last in last called Victor said that you
had David you had some concerns or
things to review about no trust mm-hmm
mostly with security and model like it
is definitely a very novel and a very
clever solution we just need to make
sure that is something that we are happy
like confident to recommend to our users
like it's given that it's like such a
like a workaround Hank you said secure
but what RTC you remember that back that
wasn't really our job if you can just
redirect in traffic just to mention it
well that that isn't that doesn't answer
my request
yes it's like it is a different thing
like we expected to use web RTC start
just for a couple of months it took more
time we learned of us and like temporary
solutions actually tend to take more or
longer than what we wanted then we want
to get away from that might be and no
Trust is like another challenge it's
another vertical which we give you that
no territory as oh yes totally
understand but just wanted to mention it
because
no it's a mistake from your lives news
yeah true like sure continuing if you
have any other better machi no but I
wanted to ask the other things you want
to say about motorists was there
anything else
well no like it's essentially like it
should be documented well it should be
easy to audit by qualifying the team
should like really think true like every
single aspect of it we should just think
more about it like spend maybe ever a
call just to really review it in depth
and make sure that we don't shoot
ourselves in the foot
okay so that's all for message all right
thank you
Oh next up we have Dimitri a so last
week last week probably because I
basically spend a lot of time doing a
lot of little things kind of tweaking
the server tutorial with waited but from
John Brown and and Rob did troubleshoot
an issue with with interim circuit with
ended up finding that station and
proposing a face and go circuit looked
into my Bethesda CTL great graceful stop
and push the few changes there to kind
of again with findings from gem crafting
so much to fix the issues that were
running into mmm still working on that
as well and then report the influx or
multiplex solution with feedback from
the VM and freedom as well so
you know many will help to troubleshoot
in the other fighters each as well a
little bit of sound there yeah we're all
just a bunch of smaller things that that
came up in and I ended up looking into
and working on but the two big things
the circuit and drops tests we should
have that one covered 100% able now and
the tutorial is also I believe very
close to being finished or finished I I
kind of again fold on the feedback from
Rob and made some changes based on these
suggestions I think it requires one more
pass but I believe that the tutorial is
very very close to being finished
tutorial and example are so excellent
excellent let me know when ready for me
to review by the way I can see here
troubleshoot the therapy shoes browser
browser jeaious shouldn't be browser
browser go oh yeah yeah yeah great great
fine like I was I'm happy that I was
right to claim that we should not skip
the test because it might bite us in the
future and that's true yeah yeah that
was a pretty big clearing it would've
come back to haunt us for sure yeah yeah
because like then the when we add peer
routing then the the multi others will
not propagate correctly cool so yeah
let's make sure to be in sync to like
for all the IPF sdccd all things and
just get that as fast as possible
because it will reduce that time I want
which will make everyone's work here
what's easier yep that's my that's my
focus right this is the CTO for this
next week all right
thank you any questions for Dimitri or I
thought John to turn great if you I'm
getting a little bit of break uh doesn't
so oh I definitely get a lot of breakup
already
dragons yeah I'm sorry on some and the
Empire's are mostly complete like I
think they're ready for review there's
probably gonna be cycles of feedback so
I could like understand a few said that
the ping API PR is pretty much ready for
you uh-huh
yes must ready I'm sure there will be
cycles and feedback okay so I'm going
for that but they have those those pr's
and I have some dependencies in the
dress okay that's only half only hash um
I kind of fixes something that is used
by the pin I pinning and the inter press
for pinning and the interrupts test also
using the fixes that Dimitri and I have
been looking at in ipfs in the daemon
library okay cool it's getting across
yeah and so I don't have a full week
this week to work but I'm gonna so I
don't think I'll take on anything new
but I'm gonna try to be as responsible
as I can on on the current pairs I have
up and give any feedback you know
wherever I can win and yeah so to help
you okay now can you tell me on the team
full requests like so you say that there
is like some dependencies some other
peers that need to be merged can you
just like to keep a status update
they're saying
once these PRS are merged like these PR
needs to get a review so that like
dancer me on the only one else it is
called can review
make a central list of abacus yeah I
just thought I'd seen you're a
first-time anomaly I just saw you were
feedback your comments India it is the
daemon initialization and she's with
like returning for public scene in the
triquetra I'm so Alberta minutes all
right cool
I think I got you out you said about you
got my review to appear so you're going
to organize got it yeah
I personally I can see you pretty well
the audio oh yeah
last week it was it was and I feel like
you're in a different place now so it
can't be the connection all right this
is my first so it's probably a little
bit I mean it's let's go sane and then
just like open for any questions same
cool last week just kind of went through
some issues saw like what was available
cherry picked one Smita gr think I just
misunderstood what the request was so
kind of submit another PR and I'm
available for like requests so if
there's something that's like well
making fruit or something that like
doesn't need so much context or would
help me both contacts happy to tackle
those issues definitely like starting
from one of the projects or just I feel
the or justly peer to peer or jessep EFS
and stay there for a bit might help like
probably that Jess I feel VPR's are
going to be the ones most contain like
that drive with the other projects and
so you can always like check like the
waffle board so there's a waffle word
for each of these projects my creepy
appear slash just weepy appear I build
these last yes I Billy I prefer /g
i PFS and you can always filter by how
potent which means open to the community
like someone should with a little
context yet be able to ship something
and then just a difficulty if you grab
the easy ones the easy just means like
it's it's more easy in terms of time
like the time that you from zero to I
can understand what is the problem to
fixing the problem to ask me for
requests and so given that those are
more time bounded or at least we expect
them to be then of course there is human
error you should be able to talk home or
and like by tackling more but get a more
complete understanding of how the
project is structured and and so so yeah
like I always recommend you to jump from
JPL be helped wanted issues - Jessica
fest Help Wanted issues and see and see
ya in the few languages and again like
if you don't understand what is being
asked just like ask on the itself for
more Clara okay cool
sweet thank you alright alright okay so
we are done with the iPads take you
everyone
what so I noticed a like Walker updated
the template for this call I didn't at
the time to replicate it to here but he
had one important section which is
questions or other topics that people
want to bring to this colic is there any
question about any specific part of the
project we already talked about CC star
a double F star we're talking about a
Wi-Fi is there any other thing that want
to bring up for example the types things
Walker you like to give an update on it
wait yeah go ahead
yeah yes so I was about to say about the
types in so they truly is an ongoing
effort to add flow types I'm not sure if
everyone's familiar with it mm-hmm any
peace through do it okay yes what
everyone's family okay so I'm so because
like and so the current problem I see is
that we really need
to kind of get into an agreement if we
want to do it or if you won't do it um
it won't be really a final one it's just
like a matter of do we want to pursue it
and go for it for now and then if you
find out it doesn't work out we can
straight go back but should we really
give it a go for now and see what
happens or shouldn't we do it it's the
current problem basically so I'm in
favor of doing it and I will also be
like I would take the responsibility of
basically if there's any issues
regarding through this I will fix them
or keep an eye on them and so on so I
will volunteer to do this but yeah I
kind of want to hear from you like do
you guys agree on like we should go for
it or you shouldn't so that's the
question so anyone have any comments I
do have one which is like the ask like
should we try it or not really depends
on like how we approach it we have many
many repos right now we like we have
many interdependencies like some modules
that depend on different versions so it
makes it like if we when we make that
kind of decision I changes the test
runner or change the winter or something
it requires to go through all the repos
so like asking to go flow or try to try
to try flow we know the repos it's kind
of like a very daunting task it requires
a lot of hours of work and so what I
what I'm asking is that we shoot out
like a map or like okay personal style
like try flow in X amount of repos that
can be picked from our mountain of repos
so that we can have like an experience
with it like not to go full flow but
like maybe pick six or seven repos that
are smaller in scope so that is like
take a lot of time to actually add flow
to it and I think I multiform axis is an
excellent selection for example I got
all the chests muti things we can move
those to flow and then for example pick
GS CID which uses a bunch of the multi
permits and we can have our first pests
by like doing
aggression and then after that migration
and we understand okay
are we happy is there any blocker should
we do another milestone where we select
a bunch of other repos or should we go
like full flow from now on and then if
we went we decide to go full flow does
it mean like some people we like spend a
week or more of their time just
migrating everything or are we going to
do it try I try to do it gradually this
make sense because like this is a lot of
work like doing all that change changes
there is a lot of work so I would
definitely say it won't be like changing
all peoples to flow in one go I would
rather miss tilly we start on the party
format stuff and I think it's totally
fine truly have many repositories not
using it like for example like like
chase ipfs which is like a quorum
personally it can go without the flow
types for another year or whatever so I
would rather basically start doing those
and then see if we start the new project
or making bigger changes we can then go
for the flow stuff and I think it's yes
everything agree it's important that the
good basically incrementally but what I
basically want to have the buy-in from
people is that should we move forward
with it
obviously in the least destructive way
but at least like or is there anyone
saying oh no I don't want to do those
type stuff at all it's too complicated
I'm against it so this is kind of what
I'm truly asked for just let me figure
out the details afterwards like the or
we actually do it but yeah any other
comments
Dimitri so I think we haven't actually
awesome but you just raced so in these
itself about you know racing apart for
contributors and that still is there and
I'm not sure how to approach that but
Kevin types is different they're going
to help a lot
and I'm I'm I'm all for that but it's
gonna be a lot of work and it's gonna
definitely raise the bar for
contributors in general in some cases
just mentioning that icky poker yes so I
would also say in order to be really
useful obviously everything has to be
typed and I think it will take a long
time until it's really useful but I
think it's already like hardly useful I
mean it's like it so the I think the
overhead is already it's low enough to
be useful for now and until it would be
super useful to go take a while but we
will get there I say yeah I would say I
would be as a new like dev I'm in favor
of types it really actually helps you
understand the code a lot quicker so
there is some overhead with the
additional annotations but I think that
like flow is kind of out there so it's
some not like that unexpected that you
would have been countered it before yeah
cool this is good great feedback thank
you okay I think this means that like
translating all this feedback into an
action plan
it is like time boxing the decision to
start like actively pushing things to
flow ever concret plan like just just
for the sake of everyone's sanity like
west propose okay
five repost and repose will move those
first and and then i can the peers and
that works glad i was like the first
milestone and then i kept a date to
check in with the experience like do the
retrospective didn't work well are we
happy this look great what did we get
from it was they're all really bugged we
cut from it etcetera
and then design the milestone to plan
and there's like a giant you like
discussing this perhaps it's better to
have like the type system plan as a
separate issues just like to document
these milestones and dates and sync
camps and notes it references the
overall discussion so that we we don't
lose the plan in the sea of comments
said that is on the other issue also
good Booker just like to double check
are you volunteering outside like to
read scene ever and like keep everyone
on track
yeah yeah I will do this yeah alright
alright thank you so much okay cool
I guess that was the extra question for
today's call we already six feet it's
over let's like break here I know that
there was some extra questions about no
turist
I am going to stick around stick for ten
more minutes if you want to talk about
that but yeah
closing the recording now thank you so
much Oh before we depart the famous
question does everyone feel confident
about what they should be working it's
like everyone everyone cool thank you
that's perfect
alright so if you are leaving now bye
bye see you on interrupts going to close
the recording now